what's up clashers it is Wiggy here and
in this video I'm going to be showing
you guys how to farm millions of loot in
just minutes and clash of clans so this
utilizes the BAM attack strategy and if
you're unsure of what that stands for
stands for barbarian Archer minion and
the idea behind it is since you're using
all six of your barracks rather than
just the four for regular elixir you
will be able to attack a lot more
frequently now I'm also going to show
you guys one that works just as well but
it will take slightly longer and this is
for those of you that don't have dark
elixir or don't want to use dark elixir
when you're doing your attacks so keep
that in mind guys the BAM strategy is
going to be quicker than the barbarian
Archer Goblin or just straight-up our
Burien Archer this way you're not using
dark elixir and I know some of you may
prefer that especially those of you that
are actually looking to farm to our
collector so before I show you guys some
attacks what I want to let you know is
probably one of the most important tips
when doing these strategies if you're in
clash and you're planning on doing a
long session and you got a lot of time
so you're going to do lots of attacks
and you're just going all-out maybe
you're having a marathon whatever that's
when the strategy works the best it
works the best when you can attack more
frequently if you're not planning on
attacking too much in the day and you
have longer times between your attacks
then it's more recommended using
something like my easy farming strategy
if you guys saw that one that utilizes
giants and wall breakers because
although it does take slightly longer
you are able to get a lot of the loot
that's in the center of bases and
storages it is a lot harder to get in
the center of a base with this kind of
attack even with rage spells so this is
more for those bases that you find where
players have not been playing a game for
a long time so what I mean by doing all
your barracks so let's say we are doing
the BAM strategy so what I like to do is
I'll take two of them and use them for
straight barbarians and I'll fill them
all the way up and then I'll take two
more and I'll use those for archers and
fill them all the way up and then with
my dark barracks here you just want to
train as much minions as you can this
means while you're leaving and you're
attacking and you're using troops you're
also getting troops trained and when you
come back you'll have quite a few of
them if not half your army camp already
full up again and then it's only a few
more minutes before you can go ahead and
attack now this is probably the most
important part of the strategy and why
it works the best is because you're able
to attack so frequently so although you
won't be able to get all the loot that's
in storages or anything like that
the attack time is a lot quicker so as
long as you're finding
Mace's where a lot of the loot is stuck
outside and the collectors you're going
to be good to go and you'll be able to
get a ton of loot this way so let's get
started with some attacks here now the
other strategy that I talked about guys
is pretty much the same thing it's the
same idea you're using your troops
and you're just trying to get the easy
loot that's unprotected in the
collectors along the outside of bases or
just within a little bit of protection
so when you're using those two troops or
those three troops instead of using the
BAM strategy just try to split them up
as best as you can
amongst your barracks and then that way
again when you're coming back from
attacks and stuff like that you'll have
troops ready to go the amount doesn't
really matter here it's mostly about
just getting troops as quickly as you
can and attacking as quickly as you can
so you'll notice on this base he does
have a few of his collectors a little
bit protected behind walls now that's
not a huge deal since archers can shoot
over the walls
you can use your barbarians to distract
and use your minions to fly over it if
you don't have minions then again use
your barbarians to distract and your
archers to shoot over goblins will only
go for these collectors so that's really
effective to place a bunch of them in
the same spot while using some
barbarians to distract they can break
through a wall really quickly and then
get to the storage that way as well now
you're gonna see me utilize a rage spell
here I highly recommend bringing rage
spells because it can definitely help
you getting to more of the storages or
deeper protected loot in bases
I also recommend bringing lightning
spells and I'll show you guys why a
little bit later so now you can see me
utilizing my hero here
heroes are a big part in this because
the way you can sort of use them is you
can kind of use them as tanks but you
can also use them in the end just to
make sure that you're getting 50% or if
there's any storages that are sort of
behind walls the queen is definitely a
friend because you can shoot right over
them so all three of these attacks that
I'm showing you guys we're within 35
minutes and when you're at a good trophy
range for your Town Hall you'll
definitely be finding loot like this I'm
a townhall 9 so I get a decent penalty
when I'm trying to find bases this is
also a townhall 9 so there's no penalty
here but if you're a lower townhall you
actually get an increase in the amount
of loot that you can take keep in mind
guys you're not getting all of this
person's loot when you attack them some
people think that it's not even close to
all of it if I have 2 million Gold's in
my storages someone will probably only
be able to get about 200,000
most and it really just depends what
Town Hall level you are in comparison
because there is that drop-off range and
that's why people don't try to rush town
halls these days is because when you're
farming you get a bonus if you're
attacking a higher level Town Hall and
you get a little bit of a penalty if
you're attacking Lower Town Hall's for
loot so finding the optimal trophy range
can be quite difficult and I find it
fluctuates especially for me so what I
recommend doing is just do your normal
attacks see what you find and if it's
worse or if it's better then obviously
you're doing something right but if it
is worse then I recommend going up in
trophies usually the higher end trophies
you are the more likely you are to find
good loot but at the same time the lower
the trophy range where you're more
likely to find people that haven't been
playing the game for a while
so there's kind of a split there I find
that some people in Crystal often find
Master level players or high level
players that just sort of stop for a
while you're gonna see me utilize a
lightning spell which I will talk about
in a few seconds but finding the optimal
range for you does take a while guys and
don't expect it to happen right away if
you're not finding bases and stuff like
that just play around with it because
you will eventually find a trophy range
that works for you right now I'm in them
about the 1900s which I find gold one
and crystal three are really good for
Town Hall 9 players right now but
sometimes it really just boils down to
the elements of luck because finding
bases like these isn't always easy but
trust me if you're determined you will
eventually find them so to talk about
lightning spells when you're doing this
strategy a lot of people bring lightning
spells and the reason is is since you're
using minions if you are doing the BAM
strategy minions cause dark elixir and
you kind of want to replenish it when
you're attacking so this guy for example
has eight hundred ninety seven dark
elixir which is enough to warn actually
attacking his face but I don't really
look for it so much just because I find
that it does go up and down and
especially with the collectors the dark
elixir collectors I don't ever find that
I'm struggling to get dark elixir so
with the lightning spells if you have
pretty upgraded level lightning spells
you can use them on storages or the
collectors and if they are pretty full
with dark elixir you will get quite a
bit this one for example I wouldn't get
that much but most of it was in his
collectors but the ones where they have
really stocked full storages that you
can see drop a few lightnings on it and
you're definitely going to get some dark
elixir out of it
as thanks for watching this if it helps
you out don't forget to share the video
and like it and all that good stuff I'm
going to do more of these videos if you
guys want any more helpful tips or
anything like that let me know in the
comments what videos you'd like to see I
love doing these and I love helping you
guys out and like I said those three
attacks were all within 35 minutes and I
was able to get millions of loot in just
a few minutes in clash so thanks for
watching guys and I'll see you in the
next episode peace out
you